OPSEXP-3262 Add APS admin Dockerfile (#200)
Alfresco/alfresco-dockerfiles-bakery: aps/admin/README.md

| `ACTIVITI_ADMIN_REST_APP_SSO_AUTH_URI`        | `${rest.app.sso.auth-server-url}/realms/${rest.app.sso.realm}/protocol/openid-connect/auth`| SSO authorization endpointURL|
| `ACTIVITI_ADMIN_REST_APP_SSO_TOKEN_URI`       | `${rest.app.sso.auth-server-url}/realms/${rest.app.sso.realm}/protocol/openid-connect/token` | SSO token endpoint URL |
| `ACTIVITI_ADMIN_REST_APP_SSO_REDIRECT_URI`    | `http://localhost:8081/activiti-admin/app/rest/integration/sso/confirm-auth-request`| SSO redirect URI after authentication |

## Configuration file mounting

Instead of using environment variables, you can mount a complete configuration file with configmap or volume.:

```yaml
alfresco-activiti-admin:
  image:
    repository: localhost/alfresco/alfresco-process-services-admin
    tag: latest
  volumeMounts:
    - name: app-properties
      mountPath: /usr/local/tomcat/lib/activiti-admin.properties
      subPath: activiti-admin.properties
  volumes:
    - name: app-properties
      configMap:
        name: aps-admin-config
        items:
          - key: activiti-admin.properties
            path: activiti-admin.properties
```

> When a properties file is mounted, the environment variable configuration is bypassed and the mounted file is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a properties file is mounted, environment variables are ignored and the mounted file is used as-is.
This is useful if you need to set properties which are not exposed as env vars.
```
